fix some doc typos (#59)
hermeznetwork/docs: docs/introduction/glossary.md

Forging refers to the creation of a batch of layer 2 transactions (off-chain), creation of the proof and the subsequent (on-chain) verification of the attached zk-SNARK.

## Governance

> The Hermez Network community intends to follow a strategy of “Governance minimization”. This model is intended to be a initially a bootstrap governance mechanism to adjust and manage some network parameters mainly for security and stability purposes until the network reaches enough a degree of maturity to become fully decentralized; at that stage the initial bootstrap Governance model will no longer be necessary and will eventually disappear.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Hermez Network community intends to follow a strategy of “Governance minimization”. This model initially intends to be a bootstrap governance mechanism to adjust and manage some network parameters mainly for security and stability purposes until the network reaches a sufficient degree of maturity to become fully decentralized; at that stage, the initial bootstrap Governance model will no longer be necessary and will eventually disappear.
```
